Did you ever love me that much? If you did, why did you throw me away like rubbish, when you knew the situation I was in, all alone with not a lot to do, and not a lot of people to talk to. Yeah, maybe we argued for a couple days, and I felt sorry for that, but I felt like we could go through it together, why didn’t you feel like that? If you really love someone, don’t you get through it together? Why did you never tell me you were unhappy? You were always busy, always having things to do, whilst I was completely alone, bored, and it wasn’t your fault, but sadly, I don’t know why you couldn’t make time for me, I don’t know why you were distant towards me. You only talked to me when you had nothing to do or when you were bored, why? That really raises the question, did you use me? Because you only wanted me when you had time or when you were bored…
I still don’t understand to this day, why you have left me so fast, and blocked me everywhere, and I will never forget that strong memory that I have of you, the last time I saw you, laughing in my face and calling me a dick and shutting the door in my face, whilst you quickly grabbed your stuff and went away. My mind is all over the place, trying to understand what went wrong, what I did wrong, and why the things happened the way they did. In one way, maybe you just left me for another guy, someone you talked to weeks before we broke up, deleting messages, could that be the case? Who knows? You threw me away so easily and acted so different before the relationship ended, so maybe that is why.
Everything was okay, three weeks before it ended. But things started changing, and I knew you acted different. I do not know why, or what you did that made you be this way. Probably because you were texting these guys. I mean, you did meet all of them after you left me. Maybe you just wanted something new, am I right? I will never forget what you said to my face that one last time, it broke my heart to pieces, I loved you so much, and you just left me like that. We had so many future plans, and you just ditched all of it, like it was nothing to you, going sixth form together, living together, getting a house, and more, you forgot about all of that in a matter of a few days? Just because you wanted something new and other guys dicks? I will never understand what went through your mind, dropping everything and all of the memories, gifts, fun times, just so you could get a different dick. You just became distant every day closer to the end. Good guys get fucked over, like I did. You fucked me over and pushed me away and threw me away like I was nothing to you. Maybe you only wanted me when you were bored, or maybe you only wanted me for one reason, for lust. I will never understand what went wrong in the last weeks of us being together, maybe because you ditched me for different guys. I will never understand how you ditched me so fast, someone who loved you so much to the point where they would do anything for you. I guess I was just a stupid foreigner for you, that you could use when you were bored. I loved you so much, and you broke me in pieces in a matter of a few days.  Every day, I try to find reasons that it was my fault, but it was both of ours, because you never told me what was wrong, and you wanted to end it rather than to fix things, and you wanted to fuck other guys, rather than be loyal and stay together forever.

